content/about.md, before:

---
title: "À propos de nous / About Us"
date: 2020-08-17T14:43:36-04:00
weight: 100
draft: false
---

To find our meetings, join us on our [Heylo](https://link.heylo.co/j7nz) group. _Pour retrouver nos réunions, rejoignez-nous à notre groupe de [Heylo](https://link.heylo.co/j7nz)._

Meetings are very casual and French speakers of all levels are welcome.

_Nos réunions sont très détendu et nous accueillons des locuteurs de français à tous les niveaux._

<!--more-->

### Note For French Learners

When in-person this group is purely conversational. There are no lessons, no formal topics of conversation and no arranged activities, it's just a group of people who get together in the pub, except in French.

If you know even a little French (what you remember from school or a few Duolingo levels) but aren't yet
comfortable speaking you are welcome to attend just to listen and develop your "French ears". However,
definitely have a go at speaking or asking questions. Nobody will judge you. We've all been there! If you speak
French at an intermediate level or better it's a chance to brush up your skills. If you are a francophone it's a
chance to return to your native language. You are not expected to be a teacher or tutor but if you're able to
help beginners with questions occasionally then great!

In short: relax, be tolerant, and like everything else you get out of it what you put into it.

### Notes techniques / Technical notes

Le code source de ce site web est [disponsible sur Github](https://github.com/parlonslondon/website) et est hébergé par [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)  
The source code for this website is [available on Github](https://github.com/parlonslondon/website) and is hosted by [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)  

_Site web mis à jour le / website updated {{< lastupdate >}}_

Commit message:

add link to online group

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "À propos de nous / About Us"
date: 2020-08-17T14:43:36-04:00
weight: 100
draft: false
---

To find our meetings, join us on our [Heylo](https://link.heylo.co/j7nz) group. _Pour retrouver nos réunions, rejoignez-nous à notre groupe de [Heylo](https://link.heylo.co/j7nz)._

Meetings are very casual and French speakers of all levels are welcome.

_Nos réunions sont très détendu et nous accueillons des locuteurs de français à tous les niveaux._

<!--more-->

### Note For French Learners

This group is purely conversational. There are no lessons, no formal topics of conversation and no arranged activities, it's just a group of people who get together in the pub, except in French.

If you know even a little French (what you remember from school or a few Duolingo levels) but aren't yet
comfortable speaking you are welcome to attend just to listen and develop your "French ears". However,
definitely have a go at speaking or asking questions. Nobody will judge you. We've all been there! If you speak
French at an intermediate level or better it's a chance to brush up your skills. If you are a francophone it's a
chance to return to your native language. You are not expected to be a teacher or tutor but if you're able to
help beginners with questions occasionally then great!

In short: relax, be tolerant, and like everything else you get out of it what you put into it.

### Online

We don't run online meetings any more, however some members who prefer online have split to  [another Heylo group](https://app.heylo.co/g/26c3f5b7-82a7-4113-917c-3fe727438357)

### Notes techniques / Technical notes

Le code source de ce site web est [disponsible sur Github](https://github.com/parlonslondon/website) et est hébergé par [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)  
The source code for this website is [available on Github](https://github.com/parlonslondon/website) and is hosted by [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)  

_Site web mis à jour le / website updated {{< lastupdate >}}_
